# themiddleman
Middleman, Columbia University					                                                    
08/2020 – 10/2020

Course: COMS 4170 User Interface Design 

The problem of my users is that they spend all of their time on-campus and have little time or means of transport to leave campus to run errands. As a result, the users default to online shopping because they offer quick, easy, and simple service. The users are ethically conflicted because they do not want to support overpowered oligopolies run by greedy multi billionaires who exploit and abuse their employees. However, the users need their items fast, cheap and delivered so they shop at businesses, such as Amazon or Walmart, anyway because college students have little time and little income. This problem has grown even further as a result of COVID-19 and college students wanting to be safe on campus rather than at a public establishment.

My design solution offers my target population an alternative to the current online vendor options which is dominated by large corporations with the resources for online marketing, sale and at home delivery. “The Middleman” is a website where Columbia students can post listings for items they would like to purchase from local small businesses, then Columbia students can respond to these listings and offer to deliver the item to their respective dorm. The listing provides essential information such as the store’s name, store’s address, item’s name and item’s price, so that the delivery process can be well-ordered. When a student accepts a delivery request, they have control over the delivery date within the timeframe of 7 business days in order to best suit their availability. Ergo, both the customer and the deliverer are met with a satisfying experience because the customer, who values their time and money, can avoid a long commute and shop within their price budget while the deliverer, who has the time and resources, can provide a generous service to their fellow peer and will be rewarded with discounts and other perks. 
